    The base of our design (i.e. application.py and layout.html) was based on groundwork set by psets 7 and 8. The HTML itself was a series of radio buttons, each with certain values that would be sent to the server upon a POST request. Those values would be used on the server side, in a series of "if/else" statements representing a binary tree, to decide which Vine best fits the user's personality.
    One feature that took a lot of code was the Javascript that functioned if the user tried to submit the quiz without answering all the questions. We used Javascript because it was quick and responsive, and it was easy to use it to directly alter the HTML of the page (namely, to turn the backgrounds of unanswered questions red). We used event listeners for each question to determine if answers were "clicked," then used a function in Javascript to count the clicks and determine if all the questions were answered. If not, we had a function to go through each `<div>` tag (each for one question), go through the radio buttons, and determine which questions were unanswered.
    The results page (especially the Tweet button) used a fair amount of Jinja in its implementation. We wanted the chosen Vine to actually play as a video on the page, so we took a standard iframe with a YouTube embed source, and used Jinja to insert the relevant parts of the URLs of each of the Vines. This also allowed us to use the "Tweet" button creatively, and prepopulate the tweet with a custom message depending on what Vine the user got.
    In terms of the aesthetics of the personality quiz, we decided to use a color changing background in order to bring a cool, dyncamic feature to the quiz. We didn't want to have just a plain background, so why not a color changing one while we have it?
    Furthermore, we wanted to give a few examples of some popular vines, just to revive some of the memories that may have since been forgotten since Vine stopped operating. :( We decided to choose some of the more popular vines to feature within the headbar that spans across the page at the top and bottom.
    The yellowgreen border surrounding the quiz is to draw the readers attention to the contents of the quiz and to give a confined space in which the eyes can focus on.
    The background image that we choose is directly from Vine (cited from Google images) in order to pay tribute to what an amazing concept and platform it was to many social media users. It gives our personality quiz a feel of what Vine used to be and reminds many of the good old days.
    Lastly, we decided to include some photo collages that we made and some gifs in order to give some images to associate with the answer options to some of our questions.